hello my friends it's Hannah even you're
watching II believe beauty
so today I have a review for you guys of
the l'oreal extraordinaire gel Lac
system i believe is how you say it
this is like a one-two-three system i'm
gonna start off by saying this is weird
i'm just gonna put that out there right
now so when i saw in this store i saw
the word gel and the first thing that
comes to your mind is you know gel nail
polish is supposed to be long wearing
you know you're supposed to get like two
weeks of wear out of it this has no
claims about being a long wear nail
polish and then when I read the claims I
was kind of confused okay so it says
that you're supposed to have perfectly
shaped and volumize nails I don't know
but if I want my nails to have more
volume I don't know if that's a thing
and then ultra rich and glossy color so
yeah I'm not really sure what they're
getting at with that they even have like
a little picture like a before and after
and I don't see any difference in the
before and after they look like the same
nail to me that's just me um let's just
get right into it
so I started off with a lot of notes for
you guys so we'll just yeah the color
which I got I got this purple color
which is called all shine on me and the
bottle it looks like a beautiful
eggplant purple on your nails it pretty
much just looks black so that's kind of
sucky some people really love that um so
this might be the color for you but for
me I was kind of a little bit
disappointed that it looked black on my
nails when it's kind of like this
beautiful eggplant shade in the bottle
so this polish was the texture was kind
of thick
it wasn't like so bad that I couldn't
work with it but you know it was
definitely more on the thick side and it
was very shiny by itself I think that
this is like a regular nail polish
honestly there was nothing in all my
testing there's nothing that I have
found that would suggest that this is
different than any other nail polish
although it says on the box with the set
you're only supposed to use the set with
this type of nail polish I'm gonna tell
you right now I think that that's BS I'm
sorry if this is kind of a harsh review
this is just this was a bizarre
experience for me this I tried it on its
own no base coat no top coat I also
tried this with like my regular base
coat and top coat this is just a regular
nail polish there's nothing special
about it and this stuff is weird too
okay so the set comes with a primer the
the color which you have to buy
separately which kind of sucks
and then the glaze the primer it dries
really really fast which is really nice
but it was like really really watery
thin texture so I'm not really sure what
it's supposed to do there is no claims
anywhere on the box about what exactly
the primer is supposed to do I think
it's just a regular base coat I really
really do I don't know I really this
whole time I have had a very hard time
figuring out why this is supposed to be
special I don't know
and then as as far as the glaze goes it
was really really really shiny when I
first applied it but it was really
watery so like with Seche vite it goes
on really really like it gives you that
glass shine um but it was it's like it's
that thick texture this is just really
really watery so I don't know if that
bothers you or if you like that or what
I'm sorry guys this is just such a
strange experience for me I wore this
for five days and I wore it like it's
you're supposed to wear it and I wore it
I also wore this color with my regular
base coat and top coat and completely by
itself on another nail and I also tried
this system out on a couple other nail
polishes in my collection just to see
why it's supposed to be special or if
there's a reason why you're not supposed
to use it with anything else but this
this I don't understand why it's
supposed to be cool I really really
don't so there's no extra wear time when
you use this system
at all it's there it's not like gel nail
polish where it lasts for two weeks this
was crap it was chipping I had tip
whereby day one tip we're on day one and
I had chipping by day three I took it
off on day five because I couldn't
handle it anymore I was just disgusting
looking there was no difference and at
all there was no difference between
using the system with this nail polish
as opposed to using the system with
another regular nail polish there was no
difference at all I really don't
understand this product guys I really
really don't Anna's in terms of this
color it was just as shiny and it looked
just as good by itself as it did with
this system so I guess that's really all
that I have to say about this this is
not worth your money I have no idea what
they were thinking I I just don't get it
I'm sorry if you don't like negative
reviews I just want to be honest with
you guys I believe this color was eight
dollars on its own and the system was 13
dollars I believe it's crap is not worth
your money on the positive side you can
use this system with other nail polishes
it's just like a regular base coat and
top coat
there's nothing jell about it you don't
need extra like you don't need to soak
your nails in acetone or anything like
that it comes off like a regular nail
polish does it's just crap I'm sorry
guys I have no idea what this is
supposed to be about um if you have any
opinions on this I would love love love
to hear your guys's opinion maybe I just
don't get it
maybe I just I don't know um in terms of
the perfectly shaped and volumize nails
to me my nails looked just as good with
this as it does with other nail polish
so yeah anyways I'd love to hear your
guys's thoughts on this because I was
kind of perplexed this is a very bizarre
experience for me so please leave that
down below and yeah I hope you guys are
having a fabulous day yeah I don't know
just you guys alright don't forget to
comment rate and subscribe
and please please comment because I
really want to interact with this I
really I'm just confused and then also
don't forget to like my Facebook and
Twitter I'll have that link down below
and yeah I hope you guys are having a
fabulous day bye